and tomorrow students
it was he who wants to show publicly
min is true air I wanted to wish my commitment is to improve education
in Chile
I introduce myself to my name is marcela cubillos put interesting career
currently plays in the validity of the sirens in teacher of the
Social Sciences Department
and who also and experience outside the region in fact do not belong this
region 17 years in the best of wishes to collaborate with my country
in presence in spain churches
tell us channels too
the xx
if well studied
but 1
despite the fact that the staff
they are dedicated to andré arregui
medina of the region I did not know
and read
we will effectively collaborate with fleeing to my country in this educational scenario
nowadays
there is a piano
in the historical moment that we are living
urged pacquiao nationally
I mentioned and in this particular region
university more than two months ago
Long levitin cleaning process
because it allows space
many marriages have realized
I want to study we need support who goes out with them
we believe in that occasion
Pilar Sánchez is reviewing
proving that the law marks
we are committed we are interested
to 70
back then
amazing
and it will change the treatment that receives a punctual torrico bridge in the
filial unfortunately it was not legitimate disguise
He insisted that I feel
the growth of imports and generating
the seal of
there have been three
howard a series
karen sisco absences from the chop towards him
and this time but two advances that have realized
of a social which
and opining on the question
I want to mention alice is fundamental history teaches us
face-to-face who is learning from the past
see what is the occasional
instead the site that besides the government goal
and the historical moment
which can be used to defend the neck
the dfb in a very physical league
What has happened
and that is in the state should be
the day hopefully
lucas pratto
in practice we fell with sincere
but I was I, we are very interested in continuing to work
public education and yesterday
as the only one he wants to say
and everyone who wants
university julieta city how many will have certain pass options
an electoral education system
all in bercy after the fisherman does not answer
to that amount needed
elisa
on the other hand
without social distinction
and hopefully it's in no man's land indicated
in haiti there is an interest
church
because I think that although it continues
who does it
strengthen a country
The 21st century
There are many that your country
manages to build social fabric societies
It has deteriorated market that has not gone
I do not plan to do
particular and everyday
apart when we talk about open education
we want to refer
on the 19th
and scioli min
belongs to that situation
the decision of the prosecutor mirtha guianze
everyone can and should be there
college
hermosillo 6 percent as in the current situation
low cost
a window
I say it and everyone moves with the different machines
and roads of the country and only in assen
the saint I took you have to work
and you have to support
the night and you have to take advantage
to be a champion
personally
in a human act
that aims to improve in a first phase
I still do not fall
and that future we do
Duarte and demonstrate
and contribution to the student in 2000
I do not support violence
Conversely
an entire round
ilse aigner excitement passion and desire for revenge
but that they do not delay nor we enter Vienna we are losing
I will support
because those who are excited to be less intense